What is up guys and welcome back.
So now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you choose your web hosting wisely.
OK.
So if you are if you have chosen word oh sorry the web hosting from the housekeeper you have chosen
the best for hosting but if you have if you are using that free web hosting that is the easiest and
X-Com even if you are using the ad on the main no problem but if you are using a free web hosting those
that don't have the ninety nine point nine percent uptime.
OK.
So then your web site is in danger.
OK because you take my go down sometimes you save the load very slow some time and everything.
So these might happen.
So if this is happening then you have to just like focus on changing your web host so you can go.
The blue host my friend uses that blue ghost and he says that it is good.
I have got the great reviews about the site ground as well.
And also the TMD hosting so I personally use word that housekeeper and I just really like it a lot.
If you want to go with the VPM as well you can go over to veeps.
So we pay servers are also a great option but obviously they are very costly so I don't think so because
it will cost a lot.
So that is why you can go over the shared web hosting PBS will cost you a lot.
But if you want to start a very big brand name and you think that you will get a lot of traffic.
Okay.
And you need these cores of CBO these rounds so you get a different server okay like a virtual private
server that you can use and then you can work for that.
So it totally depends.
OK.
Like me I want to go over the VPN you can get the idea like if you want to start a very big project
then you should be going up for the CPS.
But if you want to just start a normal business like what everybody do then you can go over the web
hosting that is a shared plan.
OK so they are the shared plans.
So basically we are done with the domain name and the web hosting tips and now here we will be moving
on with the word press that what we can do to our site to make sure that you have the best brand name
of your domain name.
If you are doing your business locally then your country extension should be in your domain.
Let's just go ahead and lets log into our Web site and let's just work with some things and you will
love it.
So I think I just remember the password.
Oh yes let's try I hope it works because.
It's like maybe a month.
I just installed word pressing it.
And I always forget my password OK.
I just keep it here in some notepad or word but I don't know where that file is so I always forget things.
So now you can see that we are here in this and I'm going to be showing you that what you can do to
avoid press from site to make it or it can masing.
OK.
So the number one thing that you have to do is that make sure that you have all your pages.
OK make sure that your domain name is perfect and everything is perfect.
And now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you install an ACL plug in which plug
in you should install and how that plug and fill in one your website.
OK.
So let's start first before we have to just go to the plug ins and then they have to go to add Neal
So this plug in is going to help us a lot in getting a lot of traffic or just getting more page results.
Ok so I'm going to be searching for the CEO.
That's all you have to search here.
And let's see which plug ins comes on the top so this one is right here it says Yost as CEO and it has
one plus million active installations.
OK.
This is also here but it has lowest reviews.
People say that all 11 pack is very easy to use and Yost is now also very easy to use so why not just
go with this because I personally use use Tassimo.
I haven't used this all in one pack.
I just install it.
But I was like No I don't want to go with this I just want to go where they used to see you because
when I was 13 years old I just think I was using WordPress and I don't know which and I just used for
the ACL.
But I think he was to see old Phil help you.
I don't know.
I don't know personally.
I don't know how all in your PAC board most people use this and this.
So but I will.
I have used deals to see you and your CSU has pretty used some results on that.
So that is why I will be going up at this let's just go ahead and let's install this sand they tend
to be installed right now.
So after this is installed I mean to show you how this was plug and how this plug in is going to work
and how it's going to change everything to the upside and how it's going to work.
So let's just go ahead and let's hit activate OK you can see this plug in is now activated.
So just plug it in.
A date is also available.
I just installed it and there's a saying of that.
Now OK let's just go ahead and let's have date and let's also update this plug in that we have here.
So now you can see it creates a window and here it is dashboard church console and the premium.
So let's just go ahead and let's just go to the dashboard now here we're going to be working up wed.
Our optimization of the CEO will work for some of the things that Howard optimizer say.
OK.
I'm not going to do that but I'm going to just give you the hint that how you are going to do it.
Make sure I'm telling you again that you have all those main pages that I told you before I'm sorry
that I told you before.
OK.
So I'm sure that you have all those pages and in the next video you'll be working up the custom of the
itemization of the CEO for this plug in.
So goodbye.